

Pistachio Jungle:
    Mobs:
        Pistacheater - disguises as pistachio and descends on its vine to pick up the player and drop
        them to their death
        Clacker - spider-like mob with a giant pistachio shell pair for a head, it can use its tongue to
        bring the player closer to itself as well as can fire a lazar that does damage
    Plants:
        Giant Dripleaf and Giant Dripleaf Sprouts - giant dripleaf plants have 3*3 leaves that can be stood
        on before they collapse just like a dripleaf. The plant is made out of dripleaf wood which is a green
        wood block set. The plant is also 3*3 blocks and very tall with a water column moving upwards in the
        center of it
        Pistachio trees - made out of pistachio wood which is the same light brown color as pistachio shells
        and of course has its own full block set. These trees have no leaves, only pistachios hanging on
        pistachio vines underneath their branches (with a rare chance of one being a pistacheater)
    General appearance:
        The foliage will be thick in this biome with thick green fog. The ground is the color of shelled
        pistachios. Small and big dripleaf also generate here, the big ones at massive heights
Cracked Glassfields:
    General appearance:
        This biome will be completely made up of different colors of Glass Stone blocks, with deep canyons
        and cracks in the terrain
Cloud fields:
    Mobs:
        Gufter - a ghost-like hostile mob that haunts pirate ships. Their look is inspired from cartoon
        Halloween ghosts
    General appearance:
        this biome will be filled with block-built clouds made out of Dense Cloud blocks which can be walked
        on. These clouds will all be at ground level (Y 64 probably) and below the clouds until the bottom
        of the world will be an empty void. Staying too long on a dense cloud will cause entities/the player
        to sink into it (and eventually through it) and moving will make them re-emerge from the block. the
        biome will also have pirate ship structures generating at that same cloud level in which the player
        will be able to find Gufters, a ghost-like hostile mob
Hydrogen Seas:
    General appearance:
        A vast ocean filled with the dimension's water substitute - Liquid Hydrogen.
Hydrogen Swamp:
    Plants:
        Hydrine vines: thick 5 block thick vines that are made out of hydrine wood blocks and that emerge
        from and snake across the terrain. on them on all sides will generate hydrine flowers, which look
        similar to spore blossoms but are light sky blue in color
    General appearance:
        Generates like Minecraft's swamp biome but with Liquid Hydrogen instead of water and with Hydrine
        vines and grass
Liquid Hydrogen causes the freezing effect (same thing as powdered snow) when an entity makes contact with
it. It is a renewable (as in infinite sources are possible) block just like water
